[IMP] ecommerce: checkout (#11635)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/products/catalog.rst

what you have to offer. Clear categories, available options, sorting, and navigation threads help
you structure it efficiently.

.. tip::

>    Go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings` and find the :guilabel:`Privacy`
>    section to restrict :guilabel:`Ecommerce Access` to logged-in users or enable
>    :guilabel:`Shared Customer Accounts` to allow or disallow access to all websites with a single
>    account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Privacy`
   section to restrict :guilabel:`Ecommerce Access` to logged-in users and/or enable
   :guilabel:`Shared Customer Accounts` to allow access to all websites with a single
   account.
```
- see my original comment on original lines 12-15
- I think if you enable the option, you allow access to all webistes with a single account so it doesn't make sense to mention "disallow"?
- The two options are not mutually exclusive --> and/or
- The Ecommerce access setting is also only valid for 18.0
